random.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Random Fun
permalink: /random/
exclude: true
---

I am a member of the [Only Human Dance Collective](https://www.onlyhumandancecollective.com/).

I crochet a lot, and I'm quite good at it. Some of my proudest original creations are a goose, a large duck, and a small duck coin purse (with smaller duck coin purse inside). It's a coincidence that they're all waterfowl; I design other things too.

I sometimes make sweet things to eat. Did you know you can make ice cream using only a large bowl, a medium metal bowl, and a hand mixer? I learned that from [this video ice-cream recipe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-SikBqk2PM). I also really enjoy [this recipe for chocolate chip cookies](https://web.archive.org/web/20220611005353/https://www.bonappetit.com/recipe/bas-best-chocolate-chip-cookies).

I really like the webcomics [Paranatural](https://www.paranatural.net/), [Cucumber Quest](http://cucumber.gigidigi.com/), and [Soul to Call](https://soultocall.com/).

If you like linguistics, you should check out [the podcast Lingthusiasm](https://lingthusiasm.com/). If you like mathematics, you should check out [the math-themed text adventure A Beauty Cold and Austere](https://ifdb.org/viewgame?id=y9y7jozi0l76bb82). If you like human rights, you should check out [the organization Rainbow Railroad](https://www.rainbowrailroad.org/).

Commit message:

Adding things I've made to Random page

random.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Random Fun
permalink: /random/
exclude: true
---

I am a member of the [Only Human Dance Collective](https://www.onlyhumandancecollective.com/).

I crochet a lot, and I'm quite good at it. Some of my proudest original creations are a goose, a large duck, and a small duck coin purse (with smaller duck coin purse inside), all pictured below. It's only a coincidence that they're all waterfowl.

[crocheted goose's head](https://laurestine.github.io/gooseface.jpg) [crocheted goose](https://laurestine.github.io/gooseprofile.jpg)

[crocheted duck](https://laurestine.github.io/duck.jpg) [crocheted duck coin purse](https://laurestine.github.io/duckpurse.jpg)

One time I rewrote a Shakespeare sonnet in mathematical notation. The result is [this sonnet, "eyes(mistress) ∩ sun = ∅"](https://laurestine.github.io/sonnet.txt).

One time I made a spreadsheet detailing how the three sung parts of "A Man's Gotta Do" from _Doctor Horrible's Sing-Along Blog_ intermesh. The result is [this image of aligned lyrics](https://laurestine.github.io/AMGD.PNG).

One time I imagined what names for city driving paths would be like if we expanded their abbreviations incorrectly. The result is [this decomposition and recombination of pieces of words](https://laurestine.github.io/st-reet.html).

I sometimes make sweet things to eat. Did you know you can make ice cream using only a large bowl, a medium metal bowl, and a hand mixer? I learned that from [this video ice-cream recipe](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p-SikBqk2PM). I also really enjoy [this recipe for chocolate chip cookies](https://web.archive.org/web/20220611005353/https://www.bonappetit.com/recipe/bas-best-chocolate-chip-cookies).

I really like the webcomics [Paranatural](https://www.paranatural.net/), [Cucumber Quest](http://cucumber.gigidigi.com/), and [Soul to Call](https://soultocall.com/).

If you like linguistics, you should check out [the podcast Lingthusiasm](https://lingthusiasm.com/). If you like mathematics, you should check out [the math-themed text adventure A Beauty Cold and Austere](https://ifdb.org/viewgame?id=y9y7jozi0l76bb82). If you like human rights, you should check out [the organization Rainbow Railroad](https://www.rainbowrailroad.org/).
