README.md, before:

# About Me

I am currently a master's student in the [University of Toronto Department of Linguistics](https://www.linguistics.utoronto.ca/). In September 2021, I will become a Ph. D. student at the [McGill University Department of Linguistics](https://www.mcgill.ca/linguistics/). At my core I am a math person. In 2020, I completed a bachelor's degree in Mathematics and Philosophy at the University of Toronto. I am casually involved with [Professor Peter Taylor's RabbitMath project](https://www.rabbitmath.ca/), and I work on-and-off both as a math tutor and as a math outreach instructor.

I also like to crochet and to dance, and I am learning to bake and to play the ukulele.

# This Website

This website is currently under construction. It was last updated on July 4th, 2021. When I have completed it, it will show my academic interests and experience, as well as random things with which I have amused myself. Stay tuned!

<!---
Here is all of the default content, which I have left in the code for reference.

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/laurest/laurest.github.io/edit/main/README.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/laurest/laurest.github.io/settings/pages). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://support.github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

--->

Commit message:

Added academic interests and contact info

README.md, after:

# About Me

I am currently a master's student in the [University of Toronto Department of Linguistics](https://www.linguistics.utoronto.ca/). In September 2021, I will become a Ph. D. student at the [McGill University Department of Linguistics](https://www.mcgill.ca/linguistics/). In 2020, I completed a bachelor's degree in Mathematics and Philosophy at the University of Toronto. I am casually involved with [Professor Peter Taylor's RabbitMath project](https://www.rabbitmath.ca/), and I work on-and-off both as a math tutor and as a math outreach instructor.

Here are some of my broad academic interests:

- _Computational methods in linguistics._
- _Sociolinguistics_, especially as it relates to game theory and to literature.
- Detailed semantic fieldwork and its relationship with semantic theory.
- _Semantic typology._
- The relationship between language and mathematical cognition.
- Ethnomathematics and the history of math.
- _The language of mathematicians._
- _Exposition and outreach._

I am fascinated with all of these, but not experienced with most of them. I have some small experience with the italicized items.

I also like to crochet and to dance, and I am learning to bake and to play the ukulele.

# Contact

My name is Laurestine Bradford. You are welcome to call me Laurestine. I am also fine with Ms. Bradford. You might hear someone call me by a nickname; that's acceptable, but usually reserved for more casual settings. Please do not call me Laurenstine.

My pronouns are she / her / hers.

My email address is L dot Bradford at mail dot utoronto dot ca.

# This Website

This website is currently under construction. It was last updated on July 4th, 2021. When I have completed it, it will show my academic interests and experience, as well as random things with which I have amused myself. Stay tuned!

<!---
Here is all of the default content, which I have left in the code for reference.

## Welcome to GitHub Pages

You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/laurest/laurest.github.io/edit/main/README.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/laurest/laurest.github.io/settings/pages). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://docs.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://support.github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out.

--->
