teaching.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Teaching
permalink: /teaching/
---

# TAships

I have served as a Teaching Assistant for the following courses:

- _LIN200 Introduction to Language_ at the University of Toronto during the Winter 2021 term. This is a course intended for non-linguistics students to see the basics of a variety of linguistic subfields, learn to apply basic principles of investigation, and become able to respond to myths. My responsibilities included leading one 1-hour tutorial per week and marking writing assignments and tests. The course was taught online through BlackBoard Collaborate.

- _LIN203 English Words_ at the University of Toronto during the Fall 2020 term. This is a course intended for non-linguistics students to see principles of historical linguistics and learn to look deeper into the English language, as well as learning facts about its history. My responsibilities included leading one 1-hour tutorial per week and marking assignments and tests. The course was taught online through BlackBoard Collaborate.

- _MAT137 Calculus with Proofs_ at the University of Toronto during the 2019-2020 academic year. This is a first-year calculus course with proofs, intended for mathematics, physics, and computer science majors. My responsibilities included leading three 1-hour tutorials per week, working in the Math Learning Centre, and marking assignments and tests using CrowdMark. The course was in person for most of the year, but moved online through Zoom during its final month.

# Outreach

I have designed and taught the following long math outreach courses:

- _Doodling Mathematically!_ through the [University of Toronto MathPlus program](https://mathplus.math.utoronto.ca/) in the summer of 2020. I designed this course to teach middle-school-aged children to create their own casual games with a mathematical flavor, thereby creating mathematical puzzles for themselves. It met online through Zoom for three hours per week for four weeks, and I managed it through Google Classroom.

- _Conformal Maps_ through the [University of Toronto MathPlus program](https://mathplus.math.utoronto.ca/) in the summer of 2020. I designed this course to teach middle-school-aged children the basics of arithmetic with complex numbers, and how complex-number equations could be used to specify transformations of pictures. It met online through Zoom for three hours per week for four weeks, and I managed it through Google Classroom. My brother created [this visualization tool](https://aldenbradford.com/ConformalMapViewer/) for me and my students to use in the class.

I have designed and taught individual one- to three-hour math outreach talks for children (of various ages) on the following topics:
- _Balanced Ternary_ - a defense of balanced ternary notation as a more elegant way to represent the entirety of the number line.
- _Infinities_ - the meanings and sizes of infinity, with an emphasis on cardinality and bijections, but touching on projective space as well.
- _Introduction to Game Theory_ - including the formal definition of a game, connections to other disciplines, and Nash equilibria.
- _Introduction to P-Values_ - introducing the idea that a scientific hypothesis should be one under which the data are probable, using anecdotes and counting principles.
- _Introduction to Topology_ - introducing the ideas of connectivity and homotopy using shapes, puzzles, and Pac-Man.
- _Multiplying Shapes_ - visualizing cartesian products, and connecting this to multiplication strategies for integers.
- _Tangrams_ - introducing the idea of approximate and exact representations of shapes while letting children explore the properties of geometric figures.
- _Tessellations and Symmetry_ - introducing the idea of flat or curved spaces and ways of detecting their structure through the admissible tilings and symmetries.

I also served as a Teaching Assistant Counselor for the [Summer Institute for Mathematics at the University of Washington](http://www.simuw.net/) in the summer of 2018. This is a six-week residential math enrichment program for high school students. I and the other counselors were responsible for helping students through challenging mathematics, supervising their everyday life, and planning fun activities.

Commit message:

update teaching with new TAing

teaching.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Teaching
permalink: /teaching/
---

# TAships

I have served as a Teaching Assistant for the following courses:

- _LING330 Phonetics_ at McGill University during the Winter 2023 term. This is a course for linguistics students to learn transcription (with the International Phonetic Alphabet), identification, and production of speech sounds, acoustic analysis of speech (in Praat), and auditory phonetics. My responsibilities included leading two 1-hour conferences per week and marking transcription assignments, labs, and the final exam. The class was taught in person with online submission of most assignments.

- _LIN200 Introduction to Language_ at the University of Toronto during the Winter 2021 term. This is a course intended for non-linguistics students to see the basics of a variety of linguistic subfields, learn to apply basic principles of investigation, and become able to respond to myths. My responsibilities included leading one 1-hour tutorial per week and marking writing assignments and tests. The course was taught online through BlackBoard Collaborate.

- _LIN203 English Words_ at the University of Toronto during the Fall 2020 term. This is a course intended for non-linguistics students to see principles of historical linguistics and learn to look deeper into the English language, as well as learning facts about its history. My responsibilities included leading one 1-hour tutorial per week and marking assignments and tests. The course was taught online through BlackBoard Collaborate.

- _MAT137 Calculus with Proofs_ at the University of Toronto during the 2019-2020 academic year. This is a first-year calculus course with proofs, intended for mathematics, physics, and computer science majors. My responsibilities included leading three 1-hour tutorials per week, working in the Math Learning Centre, and marking assignments and tests using CrowdMark. The course was in person for most of the year, but moved online through Zoom during its final month.

# Outreach

I have designed and taught the following long math outreach courses:

- _Doodling Mathematically!_ through the [University of Toronto MathPlus program](https://mathplus.math.utoronto.ca/) in the summer of 2020. I designed this course to teach middle-school-aged children to create their own casual games with a mathematical flavor, thereby creating mathematical puzzles for themselves. It met online through Zoom for three hours per week for four weeks, and I managed it through Google Classroom.

- _Conformal Maps_ through the [University of Toronto MathPlus program](https://mathplus.math.utoronto.ca/) in the summer of 2020. I designed this course to teach middle-school-aged children the basics of arithmetic with complex numbers, and how complex-number equations could be used to specify transformations of pictures. It met online through Zoom for three hours per week for four weeks, and I managed it through Google Classroom. My brother created [this visualization tool](https://aldenbradford.com/ConformalMapViewer/) for me and my students to use in the class.

I have designed and taught individual one- to three-hour math outreach talks for children (of various ages) on the following topics:
- _Balanced Ternary_ - a defense of balanced ternary notation as a more elegant way to represent the entirety of the number line.
- _Infinities_ - the meanings and sizes of infinity, with an emphasis on cardinality and bijections, but touching on projective space as well.
- _Introduction to Game Theory_ - including the formal definition of a game, connections to other disciplines, and Nash equilibria.
- _Introduction to P-Values_ - introducing the idea that a scientific hypothesis should be one under which the data are probable, using anecdotes and counting principles.
- _Introduction to Topology_ - introducing the ideas of connectivity and homotopy using shapes, puzzles, and Pac-Man.
- _Multiplying Shapes_ - visualizing cartesian products, and connecting this to multiplication strategies for integers.
- _Tangrams_ - introducing the idea of approximate and exact representations of shapes while letting children explore the properties of geometric figures.
- _Tessellations and Symmetry_ - introducing the idea of flat or curved spaces and ways of detecting their structure through the admissible tilings and symmetries.

I also served as a Teaching Assistant Counselor for the [Summer Institute for Mathematics at the University of Washington](http://www.simuw.net/) in the summer of 2018. This is a six-week residential math enrichment program for high school students. I and the other counselors were responsible for helping students through challenging mathematics, supervising their everyday life, and planning fun activities.
